Update webaccount_getpictureasync_202157661.md (#2118)
MicrosoftDocs/winrt-api: windows.security.credentials/webaccount_getpictureasync_202157661.md

## -remarks
The word "desired" is misspelled in this parameter name.

> This method should be called on [WebAccount](webaccount.md) returned in [WebTokenRequestResponse](webtokenrequestresponse.md) with ("UserPictureEnabled", "True") inserted in [WebTokenRequest.Properties](webtokenrequest_properties.md) while creating [WebTokenRequest](webtokenrequest.md) for acquirung token or else it might return default profile picture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method should be called on the [WebAccount](webaccount.md) returned in [WebTokenRequestResponse](webtokenrequestresponse.md). Add (`UserPictureEnabled`, `True`) to the [WebTokenRequest.Properties](webtokenrequest_properties.md) while creating [WebTokenRequest](webtokenrequest.md) to acquire a token. Otherwise, the call may return a default profile picture.
```
